.TH "KADC" "8" "March 7, 2025"
.SH "NAME"
kadc \- data collector for kar
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
/usr/lib/ka/kadc
.SH DESCRIPTION
The kstat activity reporter, kar, extends sar (the system activity
reporter) by saving all kstats regularly, rather than a predefined
subset. This allows a much wider range of statistics to be monitored,
without having to choose which statistics to be monitored in advance.
.LP
The \fBkadc\fR script should be run regularly from the sys user's
crontab. Every 5 minutes is suggested. Less frequently means that data
may not be collected with sufficient granularity, while more frequently
may generate too much data to be stored.
.LP
The saved data may be analysed with the \fBkar\fR(1) utility.
.SH CRONTAB ENTRIES
To collect activity data every 5 minutes, the \fIsys\fR user's crontab
could contain an entry like:
.sp
.in +2
.nf
\fB0,5,10,15,20,25,30,35,40,45,50,55 * * * * /usr/lib/ka/kadc\fR
.fi
.in -2
.sp
.LP
The collection process requires no special privileges, so there is no
need t run the collection process as any particular user. The user
performing the collection should be the owner of the /var/adm/ka
directory.
.LP
You should also create a system for automatically archiving or removing
old data. A simple kaclean script is provided, which cleans up records
over 30 days old, and which can be added to the sys crontab as follows:
.sp
.in +2
.nf
\fB1 1 * * * /usr/lib/ka/kaclean
\fR
.fi
.in -2
.sp
.SH FILES
The data archives are zip files named by date, normally stored in the
/var/adm/ka directory. The zip archives contain individual files for
each reporting interval, the file being a dump of the entire
\fBkstat\fR(3KSTAT) hierarchy in JSON format.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR kar (1),
.BR kstat (8),
.BR kstat (3KSTAT)
